issue #1242 add minio to pipeline (#1274)
IBM/FHIR: docs/src/pages/guides/FHIRServerUsersGuide.md

|`fhirServer/bulkdata/cosFileMaxResources`|int|The maximum number of FHIR resources per COS file, "-1" means no limit, the default value is 500000 |
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/cosFileMaxSize`|int|The maximum COS file size in bytes, "-1" means no limit, the default value is 209715200 (200M) |
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/patientExportPageSize`|int| The search page size for patient/group export, the default value is 200 |

> |`fhirServer/bulkdata/isCosClientUseFhirServerTrustStore`|boolean| If use fhir server TrustStore to access S3/IBMCOS service |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/isCosClientUseFhirServerTrustStore`|boolean| If the COS Client should use the IBM FHIR Server's TrustStore to access S3/IBMCOS service |
```

Separately, this property is pretty long, it might be best to summarize it to a short property and easier to understand. 

`isCosClientUseFhirServerTrustStore`
-> 
`useDefaultTrustStore`

Author: make sense, let  me change it together with the doc.

|`fhirServer/bulkdata/cosFileMaxResources`|500000|
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/cosFileMaxSize`|209715200|
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/patientExportPageSize`|200|

> |`fhirServer/bulkdata/useFhirServerTrustStore`|false|

Reviewer 2: I think I'd rather see this default to true.  I think its much simpler to have a single trustStore used by the whole server.  Then we should make sure our sample configs don't have trustStore settings sprinkled all over.

Author: we can not, set to true will fail S3/IBM COS. because there is no public CAs in our truststore.

> |`fhirServer/bulkdata/isCosClientUseFhirServerTrustStore`|false|

Reviewer: Different name? useDefaultTrustStore

|`fhirServer/bulkdata/cosFileMaxResources`|Y|Y|
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/cosFileMaxSize`|Y|Y|
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/patientExportPageSize`|Y|Y|

> |`fhirServer/bulkdata/isCosClientUseFhirServerTrustStore`|Y|Y|

Reviewer: Different name? useDefaultTrustStore
